TINY-8988: Adding Merge Tags and Footnotes to the Plugin Lists (#8072)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The formatter can now apply a format to a `contenteditable="false"` element by wrapping it. Configurable using the `format_noneditable_selector` option. #TINY-8905
- The autocompleter now supports a multiple character trigger using the new `trigger` configuration #TINY-8887
- The formatter will now apply some inline formats like color and font size to list item elements when the entire item content is selected. #TINY-8961
- The plugin lists in the Help dialog are now sorted alphabetically. #TINY-9019

### Changed
- The `@menubar-row-separator-color` oxide variable no longer affects the divider between the Menubar and Toolbar and only controls the color of the separator lines drawn in multiline Menubars. #TINY-8632
- The `@toolbar-separator-color` oxide variable now exclusively affects the color of the separator between the Menubar and Toolbar. #TINY-8632

> - The plugin lists in the Help dialog are no longer translated. #TINY-9019

Reviewer: Is this accurate? As only the premium plugin list was translated to my knowledge. Maybe something like this instead?
```suggestion
- The available premium plugins listed in the Help dialog are no longer translated. #TINY-9019
```

Author: Yeah, I thought about putting in "available" plugins but the world available wasn't appearing on the dialog so I just left it out. There's a Premium Plugins heading, though, so that sounds good.
